Add test range param to NHS numbers (#2947)
faker-ruby/faker: doc/default/national_health_service.md

# Faker::NationalHealthService

> The NHS sets aside a range of numbers from 999 000 0000 to 999 999 9999 for
> test purposes. This generator uses this range for creating NHS numbers rather
> than the previous 400 000 0010 to 499 999 9999 range. The old range could
> produce NHS numbers that were in use by real patients in the UK/England and
> Wales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NHS sets aside a range of numbers from 999 000 0000 to 999 999 9999 for
test purposes. For more details, see [NHS Synthetic data](https://digital.nhs.uk/services/e-referral-service/document-library/synthetic-data-in-live-environments#synthetic-data-naming-convention).
```

We can leave the justification for the release notes and keep this directed to how it works 👍
